[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into
the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy, a boy
whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew arrive
on the Fishman Island,
which is located ten thousand
meters below sea level.
There, they found themselves
facing the New Fishman Pirates,
who were looking to
destroy the Ryugu Kingdom,
and instigated an all out war.
At the last moment, the Sea
Kings arrived to stop the Noah
from crashing
into Fishman Island.
Someone help!
I don't know what to do!
He won't stop bleeding.
I'm afraid he's going to die!
[JIMBEI] You can give
him some of my blood.
It's type F.
Take as much as you need.
[LUFFY]
Hey, Jimbei.
[LUFFY chuckles]
[JIMBEI grunts]
I would like you...
to join my crew!
[LUFFY]
"The Secret Revealed!
The Truth about
the Ancient Weapon!"
[FISHMAN E] The royal
family's reached a decision!
Free! We're finally free!
[SLAVE A]
Screw you, Hordy!
Now who's in chains?
[SLAVE E] I thought
I was goin' to be a slave
for the rest of my life!
[SLAVE F]
Thank you, Straw Hats!
I swear, I'll repay you someday!
After I become
King of the Pirates!
[SLAVE G]
What?
That's a bit ambitious.
[SLAVE F] Hey, what's
wrong with havin' dreams?
[SLAVE B]
At long last!
I can set sail
for the New World!
Your Majesty.
Are you sure it's wise to
release Hordy's human slaves?
Not to question your judgment,
but the hatred they
have for Hordy...
They might turn
against all Fishmen.
[NEPTUNE]
We can't let such fears
turn us into
something we're not.
This island has
always been a welcoming,
safe place for pirates to rest.
And these humans never
meant us any deliberate harm.
We have no right
to imprison them.
Now then, as for the rest
of the New Fishman Pirates,
that's a different story.
[whimpers] Don't
cut my head off!
P-Please spare our lives!
Your Highness! Really!
We didn't know anything
about Hordy killing the Queen!
They lied to us!
We got duped by
a bunch of lunatics!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE F]
That's the truth!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE G]
It's Hordy's fault!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE H]
We're not responsible!
[NEPTUNE grunts]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasp]
[NEPTUNE]
Hmm.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasping]
[NEPTUNE]
From here on,
I officially order you all to
live here on the main island.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
What?!
Hang on! You're tellin' us
to live law-abiding lives?
It could be a lot worse!
Better than working for Hordy!
[FISHMAN E] C'mon,
you can't be serious, King!
We don't want them
living among us!
We won't feel safe to let our
kids walk down the street!
[NEPTUNE]
To clarify,
you will serve your
time, of course,
and you will work under
the supervision of my army.
I will provide you all
with gainful employment
to use up all that
energy of yours.
And from this day forward,
the Fishman District
will be sealed off
and all entry prohibited!
[NARRATOR] The dark side of
the Fishmen had been exposed,
along with the true
killer of Queen Otohime.
The conspirator, Hordy Jones,
attempted to seize control
of Fishman Island.
But he failed, all thanks
to a band of human pirates
who happened to be passing
through at just the right time.
[NEPTUNE] Hey, have you seen
Straw Hat Luffy around?
Well, he, uh, absconded.
[NEPTUNE grunts]
He fled?
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Why did you leave the plaza
without saying anything?
Are you running away?
We're not too big on attention.
You saw how many spectators
we had watching us
fight down there.
If we stick around,
they'd just treat us like heroes
or some dumb crap.
Just the thought of
it makes me wanna puke.
But why? Isn't it a good thing
be the hero of a nation?
Listen up. I'll spell
it out for you.
A man who shares his saké with
other people, now that's a hero.
But I want it all for myself!
Keep your damn saké!
And stop putting dumb
ideas in her head!
[LUFFY]
Why won't you join us, Jimbei?
I know ya got adventure
in your blood! C'mon!
It'll be the most fun
you've ever had, I swear!
[USOPP] He's right!
Crew up with us, Boss!
It'd be awesome to have
a former Warlord with us!
And helpful. Luffy could
take a little break!
I told you.
It's impossible for
me to join you now.
But I am still grateful.
It is an honor that you asked.
I'm certain that it would
be the adventure of my life
to sail the sea with you all,
but I am afraid I don't have
the luxury to indulge
in such pleasures.
I have responsibilities
that I must fulfill,
and I've put them off
long enough as it is.
Once I've seen to my duties,
when I'm free from
my sworn obligations,
I promise that I'll set
sail and seek you out,
no matter where you may be.
And if you haven't
changed your mind
and still wish for me to
become a member of your crew,
well, I'll gladly take
you up on your offer then,
if you see fit to have me.
You better keep that promise!
Whoa, hey.
A man's gotta do
what a man's gotta do.
Give him some time, Captain.
He's really taken with Jimbei.
[laughs]
[USOPP chuckles]
[ZORO, NAMI chuckle]
Luffy made it clear
you're worth the wait.
So if you need some "me" time,
you got it.
[JIMBEI]
That is very gracious of you.
So what're we doin' next?
Where to? The New World, right?
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps] What?
You're leaving just like that?
I haven't thanked you properly!
It's not fair!
Why, we've hardly spoken at all!
Okay! It's settled, then!
Let's stay at the
Mermaid Café a whole week!
You got some kind of
nosebleed death wish?
Sounds fun, though!
[FISHMAN SOLDIER A]
Hey! Hold on!
[NAMI]
Huh?
Who's that?
Look like he must be a
soldier from Neptune's army.
[FISHMAN SOLDIER A] Straw Hats!
Please wait just a moment!
Okay, Your Majesty! They're
right here and listening.
[NEPTUNE]
Well done.
Luffy, my friend. Why did
you leave in such a rush?
I wanted to thank you--
I don't wanna be
treated like a damn hero!
[NEPTUNE]
Yes, I can appreciate that.
But at least let me
throw you the banquet
that we originally set to enjoy.
Banquet? Sure!
We'll be right there!
I wanna eat some meat!
What? Why did we
even bother leaving?
Please, Nami.
How could we possibly
refuse a feast?
[LUFFY]
Yeah!
Let's go pick up
Hachi and Camie!
[NARRATOR] And with
Neptune's official decree,
the Fishman District
was sealed off.
[NARRATOR]
As for the fate of Hordy,
his officers of the New Fishman
Pirates, and Vander Decken--
They were all locked away
within the Prison Tower.
Go for it, Kraken!
Take him far away!
[FISHMAN SOLDIER C]
Wadatsumi!
You may not fit
into our prison cells,
but you are forbidden from ever
entering this country again!
[FISHMAN A]
Did ya catch some?
[GROUP]
Yeah!
Good job, kids.
Let's get 'em prepared and
take 'em up to the palace.
This banquet for the Straw Hats
is gonna be a night to remember!
That's for sure!
They'll get their fill of
sea monster meat, no doubt!
And we're bringing all
the snacks and cakes we can!
Heard they got
bottomless stomachs.
We better pack all of it.
And every cask
of sake we've got!
They're drinkin' nothin'
but the best tonight!
[NEPTUNE] Welcome
to the palace, Straw Hats.
I'm honored you've
chosen to join us.
And I'm eager to speak
with you during the banquet.
The long flounders will
be arriving to take
you to the hall.
[LUFFY]
Whoa, those are some huge rays!
[ZORO]
They're flukes.
[USOPP] But I thought he
just called them flounders.
We're underwater? It's so dark!
So surreal. They're
really letting us in?
I'm kinda nervous.
Nyu. It's the royal
palace! This is nuts!
What the...?
Hey, where's the meat?
[FISHMAN SOLDIER E]
Look! The heroes have arrived!
[FISHMAN SOLDIERS cheering]
[CHOPPER] Whoa, look at all
the soldiers down there!
You saved Fishman Island!
Thank you, Straw Hats!
[FISHMAN SOLDIER F] We'll never
forget what you did for us!
[FISHMAN SOLDIERS cheering]
[USOPP laughs]
[FISHMAN SOLDIERS]
Heroes! Heroes! Heroes! Heroes!
[LUFFY]
Shut up!
We aren't anybody's damn heroes!
We just wanna eat some meat!
Yeah! And drink
all of your saké too!
[sighs] Saw that coming.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
First, look at the stage!
This way! You see?
--[GROUP] Huh?
--[LUFFY] Stage?
[FISHMAN ANNOUNCER A]
Ladies and gentlemen!
We'll soon commence
with the banquet
in celebration
of the Straw Hats.
But first...
...we proudly present the
greatest diva of the deep sea,
Maria Napole!
[CROWD cheering]
[ALL chuckling]
[music plays]
[MARIA NAPOLE singing]
[FISHMAN ANNOUNCER A]
And her backing band,
the Swing Jazz Orchestra!
♪ Dancing on the
breams and plaices. ♪
Wow! She has the voice of
an angel! It's beautiful!
Yeah! Sing it, girl!
You're rocking my soul
right out of this world!
Oh, yeah!
[CHORUS]
♪ Ba, ba.
[MARIA NAPOLE]
♪ Hey.
--[MARIA NAPOLE] ♪ Dance.
--[CHORUS] ♪ Dance.
[FISHMAN ANNOUNCER A] Now please
welcome our special guests.
Wait. Is it?
[SANJI gasping]
--[MARIA NAPOLE] ♪ Dance.
--[CHORUS] ♪ Dance.
[MARIA NAPOLE]
♪ Dancing on the breams.
[FISHMAN ANNOUNCER A] Their
beauty has stolen the breath
of countless sailors
and pirates alike.
[SANJI gasping]
[CHORUS singing]
[MARIA NAPOLE]
♪ Dancing all night.
[SANJI gasping]
[FISHMAN ANNOUNCER A]
The Mermaid Café Dancers!
[MARIA NAPOLE] ♪ Dancing
on the breams and plaices. ♪
[yells]
Don't die!
--[MARIA NAPOLE singing]
--[CHORUS singing]
[SHIRAHOSHI giggling]
[yelling]
[CHOPPER] Stay away
from the light, Sanji!
[BROOK] No picture in the world
could capture their beauty!
[BROOK] Ahh. Shouldn't
have touched the seawater.
[ROBIN giggles]
Uh-oh.
[USOPP]
So good!
[NAMI]
Look at the fish!
Camie!
Ishilly! I'm so
glad you're okay!
Yes! Now we're talkin'!
Wouldn't be a
banquet without it!
Sweet! Me first, lady!
It's everything
I dreamed it would be!
[HACHI laughing]
Thank you.
Thanks.
[GROUP]
Thank you!
[SANJI]
Down here, Mermaids!
Oh, my! Thank you!
[FISHMAN ANNOUNCER A]
Do you care to give a toast
before the feast, King?
[NEPTUNE clears throat]
Well, before we drink,
I'd like to take a brief moment
to express my humble gratitude.
[NEPTUNE]
The Straw Hat crew,
without your help--
Let's dig in!
[FISHMAN SOLDIERS]
To peace!
[STRAW HAT PIRATES]
Now, drink up!
[MANBOSHI, RYUBOSHI laugh]
[LUFFY, SANJI laugh]
[NEPTUNE]
I know, I know.
No one cares about the
rambling of a sad old man.
[BOTH]
Bring out the food already!
Finally! Meat!
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Eat! Sing! Drink! Be merry!
Yum!
There's plenty more
where that came from.
[LUFFY]
Thank you! Good thinkin'!
I'm just gettin' started!
[laughs] Such a glutton!
C'mon! Let's dance,
sisters! Here we go!
Why not? Let's dance.
Sure.
Not me.
I might dance with you.
Who cares, but sure.
Gah!
Whoa! Desserts!
As far as the eye can see!
Oh, yeah. That's it,
baby. The spot is hit.
I almost forgot how
good their saké is.
Hey, that's right. You got
busted for stealing some, huh?
[HACHI] C'mon, now!
That's all ancient history!
[BROOK]
Bone.
No, Mr. Hero! Are you okay?
[SANJI yells]
[SANJI] Conniving bastard,
why didn't I think of that?
I'm dying, too!
[CHOPPER]
Sanji, no!
Don't get so carried
away, all right?
Ugh. I'm so over it.
[NEPTUNE] Honestly,
why did I even show up?
[LUFFY] Why's the big,
old hairy guy poutin' so much?
Honestly, Straw Hat!
Don't be rude to the king!
[CAMIE]
Hey, Luffy! Up here!
Luffy! Raise your mug!
[LUFFY]
Mm!
You too, ya hairy, old king!
[NEPTUNE]
Mm. But, first, you will listen
as I briefly express
my gratitude.
Oh, Father.
[NEPTUNE]
Yeah, I know.
[LUFFY]
Cheers!
[NEPTUNE]
Cheers, indeed!
Let's forget the speech!
[ALL laughing]
[LUFFY]
Hey, you guys! Cheers!
[FISHMAN SOLDIERS]
Cheers!
It's quite excellent.
Does it have something
to do with the water?
Oh. You're a connoisseur,
young lady, aren't you?
[NAMI]
Fill 'er up.
Go on! Don't look so shocked,
it's empty, isn't it?
That is some real tolerance.
--[MARIA NAPOLE] ♪ Dance.
--[CHORUS] ♪ Dance.
♪ Dancing on the breams. Yeah
--[MARIA NAPOLE] ♪ Dancin'.
--[CHORUS] ♪ Dancin'.
[MARIA NAPOLE]
♪ Dancing on the breams.
[MARIA NAPOLE singing]
[MANBOSHI] Moonfish mambo!
The party is rockin'.
Shake it, shake it baby,
the beat is dropping!
[RYUBOSHI] Do-re-mi,
come dance with me! Yeah!
[NEPTUNE yawning, hiccuping]
[NEPTUNE] Hello, pirate girl.
You wanted to speak with me?
I apologize,
but this seemed like my only
chance to get you alone.
[NEPTUNE]
What?!
N-Now listen here.
I'm very flattered, but I swore
to love my wife Otohime forever.
She might be dead, but I must
honor the oath I made--
I'd like to know who Joy Boy is.
[NEPTUNE]
Hmm?
Mm...
I saw it myself,
the Poneglyph in the Sea Forest.
Just who exactly
is he apologizing to?
[NEPTUNE] Are you telling
me that you can read it?
[ROBIN]
I'm a survivor of Ohara.
You don't have to tell me
anything if you prefer.
[NEPTUNE gasps]
[NEPTUNE]
No.
I will gladly tell you
everything I know.
You've proven yourself
trustworthy.
[NEPTUNE]
What I know of Joy Boy,
is that he was a person
from above the sea who lived
during the time of
the Hundred Year Void.
[ROBIN] Which is to say,
more than 800 years ago.
[NEPTUNE] The message you read,
he wrote to a mermaid princess
who lived on this island
during that time period.
It is a letter of
apology for failing
to keep the promise
he made to this island.
What promise?
[NEPTUNE] I'm afraid that I
don't know the specific details,
but according to the legend,
it's said that somebody
will come to fulfill it
someday on behalf of Joy Boy.
At least, that's the story
that's been passed down
through our royal family.
And we firmly believe
that this day will come,
so we've continued to look
after the Noah for generations,
just as we promised him.
And when the time arrives,
the Noah will finally be
put to its intended use,
whatever that may be.
[ROBIN]
I see now.
I couldn't help
but overhear that
the half-destroyed Noah
was taken to the Sea Forest
after the battle
came to an end today--
by the Sea Kings, that is.
If Joy Boy truly
planned to use the Noah,
I have to wonder if he had
control of the Sea Kings.
[NEPTUNE] No, it was actually
the former mermaid princess
who possessed
that fearsome power.
[ROBIN]
That's what I thought.
And now, Shirahoshi
has the same ability.
[NEPTUNE]
She has for quite some time,
but it seems that it did
not fully awaken until today.
[NEPTUNE grunts]
[NEPTUNE] I can't say
that I'm terribly pleased.
[ROBIN]
I know how you feel.
Two years ago, up in Shandora,
I read a Poneglyph that located
one of the ancient weapons.
All signs indicated
this very island.
[NEPTUNE]
Mm...
[ROBIN]
This Mermaid Princess who lived
during the same time as Joy Boy,
she was known by another
name as well, wasn't she?
And now, Shirahoshi
possesses the same power,
so she will come to
inherit the same name, too.
[ROBIN] A terrible thing
for a father to hear, but...
...she is the ancient
weapon, Poseidon!
[NARRATOR] Jimbei reveals
several surprises that occurred
during the two years the
Straw Hats were split up.
After Whitebeard's
death, his position as
one of the Four Emperors
was filled by an old enemy.
The Navy also underwent a change
with a new leader emerging
after a violent struggle.
Caribou plans some
trouble of his own.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Straw Hats Stunned!
The New Fleet
Admiral of the Navy!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!